Fix section on creating new rails environment by providing more information on what should be done (#41360)
rails/rails: guides/source/configuring.md

By default Rails ships with three environments: "development", "test", and "production". While these are sufficient for most use cases, there are circumstances when you want more environments.

> Imagine you have a server which mirrors the production environment but is only used for testing. Such a server is commonly called a "staging server". To create this environment the following actions are required:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imagine you have a server mirroring the production environment, but is only used for testing. Such a server is commonly called a "staging server". To create a staging environment perform the following actions:
```
I added a comma, but I also added some minor wording suggestions. What do you think?

> - create a new `config/environments/staging.rb` file
> - add a new database configuration entry in `config/database.yml`
> - generate a new secret key, for which you can use `bin/rails secret`
> - generate new credentials using `bin/rails credentials:edit --environment=staging` and add your newly generated secret under `secret_key_base`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a new `config/environments/staging.rb` file.
* Add a new database configuration entry in `config/database.yml`.
* Generate a new secret key using `bin/rails secret`.
* Generate new credentials using `bin/rails credentials:edit --environment=staging`, and add your newly generated secret under `secret_key_base`.

```

This guide uses bullets elsewhere with a different format, I think it makes sense to remain consistent? Do you agree?

> These actions are required if you have webpack:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For applications using webpack:
```

I think the intent is a bit more clear if we do this, and it removes the use of "you." I don't think it is a hard rule, but it's recommended in the API docs contributing guidelines (maybe the guides are even more relaxed about this).

> - edit `babel.config.js` to include your environment specific checks and add `staging` to the `validEnv` array
> - create a new `config/webpack/staging.js` file, see `config/webpack/production.js` for an example
> - edit `config/webpacker.yml` and include a `staging` entry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Edit `babel.config.js` to include your environment-specific checks, and add `staging` to the `validEnv` array.
* Create a new `config/webpack/staging.js` file, see `config/webpack/production.js` for an example.
* Edit `config/webpacker.yml` and include a `staging` entry.
```

> This action is required if you have actioncable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For applications using Action Cable:
```

This suggestion is based on the same reasoning as above. Also, other guides seem to prefer "Action Cable" to "actioncable" or "ActionCable," we should probably try to remain consistent. :smile:

> - edit `config/cable.yml` and include a `staging` entry and be sure to also provide the `channel_prefix` key using the format `<app_name>_<environment>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Edit `config/cable.yml` and include a `staging` entry, and be sure to also provide the `channel_prefix` key using the format `<app_name>_<environment>`.
```
